Dream: In this video, me and 3 of my friends try to hunt down Allah and stop him from beating Minecraft and taking over Afghanistan. If we kill him once, Islam will be destroyed. If he beats the Ender Dragon, my friends and I will convert to Islam and follow the true path to Jannah. Minecraft Manhunt.

BadBoyHalo: Okay, when are we starting?

Bad: Alright, guys listen, here's what we're doing: we planned this out. I'm gonna get us resources, you three stay on him, keep him from getting any resources, and that'll prevent - oh my goodness, where'd he go? Oh my goodness, he did it again!

George: I see him, he's running away.

Sapnap: I see him he's getting a tree, he's mining wood!

George: Go, go go go go.

George: We're nowhere near him.

Bad: Just get to him!

Sapnap: He chopped down the whole tree in one hit! How???

George: Alright go Sapnap, go, go.

Sapnap: Okay wait I'm on him. Mmm, what's up bro?

Dream: No! He's too powerful!

Bad: Okay, I got us wood, I got us wood. Dream, you always give me wood. I'm so fucking hard right now.

George: Just use the compass and cum to us.

Bad: Yeah, I'm running, I'm gonna get us swords.

Dream: Oh my god. I had an iron sword and I barely escaped with my life... George, what are you doing? You're just standing there.

Dream: George???

George: Sorry, my ass hole is still sore from last night. Had to run to the bathroom because it was leaking again.

Snapsnap: He just killed me! What the heck, guys?

BadBoyHalo: Me too. He's not even trying to beat the game.

Dream: Oh my god, I'm dead. He's farming us.

Bad: Where'd he go? I think I saw him run towards the desert... On him now. Oh my god.

Dream: What?

Bad: He's building something... It's huge. Is that... Mecca? He's building a full-scale recreation of Mecca.

BadBoyHalo: Oh my goodness boys, that's huge.

Bad: Wait, he's up in the sky now... He's writing something with blocks...

Dream: It looks like it says... 'Death to Israel'. Well, I can agree with that at least... George. George? Where are you, kitten?

George: Breathing heavily over the mic.

BadBoyHalo: Ignore him.... He's masturbating again.

Snapsnap: Here he comes! Get ready!

BadBoyHalo: Oh heck, he has diamond armor. No way. No way, bro. This is impossible.

Dream: I can see why so many people worship him.

Snapsnap: I don't think we can win, what do we... Oh, I'm dead.

BadBoyHalo: Me too.

George: Audibly orgasms over the mic... Oh he's so fucking powerful. S-sorry guys... I can't imagine what he would do to a new, unsuspecting follower with a loose hole.

Dream: It's fine, George. But you know I'll have to punish you later, you little slut.

George: I'm sorry Daddy uwu.

Dream: I think that's a wrap boys. Allah built Mecca and killed us all. No one can stop him now. As promised, we're shipping off to Afghanistan to join the Taliban. Remember to like and subscribe, and tune in for our next video, Israeli Manhunt, where we hunt down foul and treacherous Jewish children in real life.